The Crown Prince's power has already formed
And has a marriage alliance with Grand General Zu Yue's daughter
As long as he remains
Sikong Xu will never be at ease
Right after your death
Sikong Xu, after repeated advice from his advisors
Decided to keep the death secret
Secretly return to the capital
Strike first
However
On Sikong Xu's way back to the capital
When reaching a cliff
The horse seemed to have been drugged
Suddenly began running out of control
Finally
Sikong Xu fell off the cliff
Disappeared without a trace
The news quickly reached the capital
After discussion among court ministers
Decided to welcome the late Emperor's eldest son Sikong Sheng as the new emperor
Father has just passed
My second brother suffered this misfortune
If I follow your suggestion
And ascend the throne now
How will the people view me?
Your Highness
The realm cannot be without a ruler for a day
State affairs cannot be left without a decision, Your Highness
No
Absolutely not
Your Highness
Consider Xuan Kingdom, Your Highness
After three refusals
Sikong Sheng finally ascended the throne
And changed the era name to Taian the following year
Posthumously titled the late Emperor Sikong Yao as Zhao
Historically known as Emperor Xuanzhao